feat(api): add app-specific directory APIs, closes #5263 (#5272)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/app-dirs-api.md

> ---
> "tauri": minor
> ---
> 
> Add new app-specific directory APIs and deprecate existing `app_dir` and `log_dir` APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
"tauri": minor
"api": minor
---

Add new app-specific `BaseDirectory` enum variants `AppConfig`, `AppData`, `AppLocalData`, `AppCache` and `AppLog` along with equivalent functions in `path` module and deprecated ambiguous variants `Log` and `App` along with their equivalent functions in `path` module.
```

Author: I considered adding all the details but wasn't sure if the message could be that long. Good to know it can be!
